Add instructions for changing deeplinks when editing headings (#19186)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/docs-contributions.md

- View the changes in your browser at `http://localhost:8000`.
- Commit your changes and [submit a pull request](/contributing/how-to-open-a-pull-request/)!

## Changing headers

> It can be necessary to change a heading within the docs. It's important to note that headers automatically generate links with a corresponding URL that can be deeplinked from elsewhere on the site. When changing a header be sure to point all corresponding links to the new URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be necessary to change a heading within the docs. It's important to note that headers automatically generate links with a corresponding URL that can be deep-linked from elsewhere on the site. When changing a header, be sure to point all corresponding links to the new URL. Here are some workflow tips:
```

- Determine the URL you're looking for. `Changing headers` is linked with a URL ending in `changing-headers`, `Docs renaming instructions` becomes `docs-renaming-instructions`, etc.

> - - Update all instances of the old URL to your new one. [Find and replace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_search-across-files) in VS Code can help. Check that the context of the original link reference still makes sense with the new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update all instances of the old URL to your new one. [Find and replace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_search-across-files) in VS Code can help. Check that the context of the original link reference still makes sense with the new one.
```
